Glory to God

Relevant Subjects: Mining Engineering, Geophysics, Geology, Quantum Physics, System Development, Product Distribution Strategy, Environmental Protection-Oriented Geoengineering, Cultural Studies, Social Engineering, Geographical Information Systems

Notes on Debri Disposal

In Physics,
You are a particle, I am a particle,
A raster particle with a mass,
as seen from above, or from afar,
as we interact with one another, 
as we affect eachother,
as we together also affect others
and as they affect us back,
like so... and so on...

hm.., ati shmotson effect.. kindly google this... if it pleases you

Anyway, this is a proposal.

This proposal is an original publication. The articles contained within have been reviewed for logic with the help of mathematical analysis, language rules, cultural analysis and laws of physics.

Motto: Mungu Mbele Always


DYNAMIC PARTICLE INTERACTION MODELS FOR APPROPRIATE DEBRI DISPOSAL TOWARDS MITIGATION OF MENANCINGLY UNCHECKED GLOBAL CRUSTAL FAULT FORMATION

Executive Summary

As is the design in Creation, particles can attract or repel one another depending on the forces in-between or around them and depending upon respective inertias (described as relative trajectory multiplied by relative momentum). After initial approaches, particles can collide and fuse into each other or bounce-off or disintegrate, particles can consume particles, particles can grow and multiply. Particles can be consumed or have life snuffed out of them. Active particle annihilation is forbidden save for consumption purposes within strict rules because the practice is wasteful. Humanity can be described as particles depicting interaction patterns in models that can be studied and understood, expounded on, developed and engineered scientifically for good.

Human works and soil erosion (both natural and artificial) have resulted in infamous wonders that could spell doom for humanity if unchecked and mitigated in a timely manner. As a solution, this booklet discusses a cutting-edge scientific approach towards mitigation via environmentally safe by-product disposal among other methods. It additionally delves into how available manpower within affected localities can be utilized in a friendly way to achieve persistent states of beneficially active industry.

Key phrases: volcanicity-review, soil erosion and fault formation, beneficial industry, environmental degradation mitigation and control

Introduction

Understanding the purpose of human beings among Creation as a force of teams and teams of teams created purposely to work together and to do it in geographically and intergenerationally dynamically shifting patterns towards collective and individual improvement and towards environmental degradation mitigation and control as can be compared to tilting to the other side of understanding humanity as the resultant of a survival-of-the-fittest contest (this partly ousts, and partly fills in on the theory put forward by Charles Darwin and other contenders - the common theory of evolution - a theory that has failed at mysterious missing links because it attempts to claim spontaneity of Creation, that is, independence from A Supreme non-human mega gigantic Intelligence within various dimensions of power that are always all around us, within us and everywhere else - A Mighty Intelligences that can be understood and teamed up with towards recruitment and reinforcement for accomplishment of our special mission as humanity.

Chapter One

Here for a Purpose;

Presentation of The Problem in Context of Solution

Our planet's crust has always been mined by people and carved persistently for building material or minerals, or for various other works. Sometimes we dig out rocks to expose underlying layers of coal. Sometimes were are building roads, sometimes we are building houses with corrugated roofs without realizing that runoff water digs into the ground extremely deeply over time. At other times, while carving cuboid or other blocks for construction or after washing soil to extract gold particles, we leave debri behind and so on. This chapter presents suitable methods of reaping from debri to claim fringe results that are environmentally friendly and yield exponentially. The chapter goes on further into exploring how utilization and management of the gigantic cavities left on earth's crust by mining-related or erosional related extraction-led faulting events can be averted to facilitate reversal and control of degradation of crustal integrity. This chapter presents a deliberate egineering methodology and suggests additional research, exploration and development towards aversion of natural and man-made calamities.

Types of Debri
a) Rock, Soil and Gravel Debri
b) Plant Debri
c) Animal Debri
d) Ex-Factory Debri

Chapter Two

Goodwill Capital Management;

Skill Management and Talent-Harnessing Techniques

When skill is not identified early and channeled properly, labour can be abused. The discussions in this chapter follows how to convert human capability to do work into profitability for everyone aligned to goodwill.

Particle interaction models are going to be utilized in development of skill-management models. The models are developed using Mathematical and Quantum Physics techiques to help societies form-up into suitable interconnected teams on various scales for collaborative action towards environmental protection and improvement.

Because people are gifted differently, and with good reason, the implication is that it would be wise if we can utilize the differences for goodwill. The Physics in this chapter is going to discuss logical approaches towards this end. Quantum Physics helps us utilize nomal distributions and helps us discover that we can supply provisions for the 1% - the inevitable exception in every block of code - the one that makes a distribution normal, that is, makes our systems capable of connecting seamlessly to real life.

Chapter Three

Time-based Normalization;

Exploring the Time Dimension in Personal and Structurally Collective Cultural Development

Given time, exceptions do occur in life. Such exceptions are responsible for mutations and evolutions resulting in development of new traits as described in Darwin's Theory.

This chapter proposes a mode of the Natural Exception Handling Capability of living things i.e. choosing between adapting to stimuli or rejecting foreign influence basing on wisdom and experience or other combinations; invertedness arising from extreme cultural differences is acknowledged as a utilizable tool for profitability into goodwill capital that works by identifying, positioning and channeling contained exceptions.

Declaration: [probablus = probability + calculus]; [quantum theory = statistics + physics + concepts from Creation + language of expression]

Exceptions as a minority are as inevitable as yang where there's a yin. Minority exists to facilitate required checks and balances to keep majority from unanchored drifts.

Chapter Four

Real-Estate, Research and Development (R&D)

Before you build a house for people to live in, it is imperative that you figure out what they are going to be eating while living there. It is also wise to figure out what whey are going to be doing as their contributions to the rest of goodwill.

Property Management

Registration of farms and businesses of various kinds and active tracking of production patterns / available stock with strategic support service. Agent is a software based service with suitable terminals, application programming interfaces and paid agents.

Chapter Five

Personal Protective Equipment

Various kinds ranging from rider safety suits to climbing gear and so on spanning available industry.

Chapter Six

Market Review;

Source: Data to be sourced from Upcoming National Research;
Status: Working towards funding;

A) Funding
B) Repayment
C) Profit Motive Balancing
D) Softwear and Software - Radar Safi (TM) for the lonely, isolated and covert intelligent teams
E) Industry
F) Projected Profits

Chapter Seven

Selection, Training and Recruitment for System Support Data collection;

Required Selection:

University students into artisanal sector and sponsored artisanal / vocational / talented youth into studentship internships (certificate courses) at selected universities. Policies to be based on fair-trade. Balances to be secured by a government funded bill. System to support orgware with safe on and off-roader hauling systems supplied with remote access capability e.g. drone or rider access. Image processing and reporting capability to be included. Teamwork training to form critical parts of the programs. To also include Importance of Personal Agriculture and Self-Sustainability as a form of enforced legacy support capability.