Thanking God for the time we had together and all the lessons dear mama.

Sound is a Vessel for communicating unto the spirits that Mould Life

"Nasahau nikikumbuka...
Ni Mungu tu anajua."

Stories... they are what makes you and I.
It all begins with statements of history and perspective. For example naming.

Ilianzia pre-birth...

Mama aliniambia, wakati alikuwa ananiexpect alisumbuka sana,
But mama ni scientist... yeye si kama wanawake wengine, yeye ni special...
Of course, everyone's mother is very special... 
Mungua Alimwezesha akasomea Nursing na akafuzu

If you feel like she was strange, our definitions of 'strange' may vary depending on perspective, the word is special. 
So when I exclaim that I have really seen strange things in this world,
What I am saying is I have had a continous learning experience - received knowledge that always I crave for, yes, I have witnessed manifestations in bodies of humanity, windflow patterns and miracles in cloud-patterns.

I have come to appreciate the importance of women in society, they have been and still continue to be a major pillar in my life. I Thanks to Mama's genes, teachings, example, hustles and generosity I am able to communicate to you in this way. This is mama's work. Some of it Robin's though - from who mother can still claim contribution. The Physics I know is partly learned from experience and schooling and partly acquired from Zachariah, my old man. All in all, it is love that makes us.

It all begins with sound.

In reality, all names are sound patterns. Now because names are given unto children during infant years, children learn to respond to them. In some cultures e.g. Kalenjin cultures, names are given depending on how infant responds to them when they are mentioned during infancy. Cultural research had the notion that when names are mentioned in loops a child would sneeze at the mention of the name that resonates with him or her. While flesh is aligned by genetic makeup, spirit is aligned using words and our API between the spiritual and the flesh is our ears. Eyes are for witnessing the physical, sometimes for shedding tears.

Moraa spreads out and fixes problems.

African initiated conversions are called innovations when they are based on Western artefacts and designs.

How about we now introduce a rooted African initiated intelligence on top of that?